support the frontier the sporting cúcuta fulfilled its first chickens of
preseason enpa all two with the champion táchira of venezuela with thousands
of fans in the gallery
General Santander welcomed his squad again
and on the pitch the new faces
of the border team an action that started on the left
the filtered ball for what
the forward of the subsidiary wilson carpenter will send it to the heart of
area
they left viáfara
Colombian player who plays for the sports táchira
I cleared it and finally holed it into its own arch with the opening of the
for the whole
in this match
and season start
a nice collective move the axis of the action was diego cochas
Argentinian
fangio the ball so that
It was 2 to 0
for this meeting that is
Joining pre-season and finding his football identity
it seemed that the friendly match was won by the northern team
but the reaction of the stay would arrive
the love of red and black of course supporting the beginning of the
preseason
lack of Jose Rodrigo Castillo was a penalty
this was highlighted by the central had pérez greco
was the 2 to 1 for the Venezuelan team that will be in the Santander Cup
this year's liberators
and that ball that failed to evacuate the defense of the tip allowed Ayora so
del valle equalize the actions and place as final score
2 to 2 in this commitment
and another formation will pose for him as cta there with Jorge Bolaño
right side its screens with its characteristic mane the future center
of san antonio team of division b of Venezuelan football 2 to 1 won the
set cucuteño activate relations
a sling car
josé pizarro will review his part the first
for the Venezuelan team then Cesar Arias
a habitual holder in the previous season
with the audience of the veil in the future one and the two to one
naval boss year and there was party in the general santander
and also the fans of the sporting cúcuta showed their love for
intake
of two thousand people made the limit of the company's Santander in the
red and black set in their friendly matches to efe díez
happy to see this year's new team
and hopefully we move forward is called in front commented
since ancient times
analyzed in detail the movement of ica
everything they did their first balance on executed me
the carpentry
crops demonstrated
in portugal he did in fact is the number that beijing consecutive
the Bolivian and all those affected by this stage the players saw
surprised because they did not expect so much from the public in the stands
Miami I see a lot of people that we expected this after that
it was distributed premises already full total and that this one will base its strategy with
much expectation and optimism the fans expect a good participation
of your team in the tournament